Colin and Ryan are going to act out a
scene and a rate each for each other the
whole time the scene is colin is a woman
who has come to ryans hardware store and
to help you there'll be some music to
set the mood
I was hoping he had the kind of hardware
I needed I'm a hard woman to please even
harder to look at can I help you yes I'd
like a big hammer I knew she wanted a
big hammer maybe a couple nails in a
good screw I shot her what I head off
well ma'am you might want to take a look
along the shelves something as I look at
the shells I could feel his eyes looking
at every curve of my body I could almost
hear his heart scream i want you i hope
you have a man around the house who can
help you with those kind of things I
knew she didn't cuz I'd gotten a good
look at that big butter hers I knew
there wasn't a man in Essex that would
go after
that'll be fifty nine ninety five thanks
he was charging me way too much I knew I
would have to kill him kill him like the
other man who were just scum and treated
me like dirt not realizing the inside me
was a beautiful person a key to get out
and would never get a 5995 I'm sorry big
boy that's the less Dover charging
you'll ever do she pulled a gun on me
she didn't know that behind her was the
store manager Phil with a shotgun I fell
for the old store manager Phil behind me
with a shotgun it would be a crime this
week but he didn't know that Elmer my
tech termite was slowly crawling up his
leg ready to bite into his jugular what
am i stupid